hundreds of Palestinian children came
here today to fly the kite into the sky
of The besiege Enclave this event is
organized by the American friends
service committee which aims to
alleviate the psychological pressure
being endured by Palestinian children
since the beginning of this conflict in
October and also they want to share the
message of displaced Palestinian
children who desperately in a very
desperate need for Relief here in the
territory
we are just trying to have some fun
because the current situation is tragic
children are tired they are feeling
lonely so we need these type of events
to entertain the children and make sure
they are
happy they only find fun in flighting
kite which symbolize the majority of
freedom and peace they are only here
right now in order to escape from the
Grim of the reality where Palestinians
children here inside the Gaza Strip have
been killed on hourly basis the only
wish if they could return back to the
houses schools and even old good days
and to live peacefully like the
counterparts around the globe T abom Al
jaaz Rafa Southern Gaza